Add Anna Gemini LLM event transcript file (#243)
data-umbrella/event-transcripts: 2024/99-anna-gemini-llm.md

# Anna Nerezova:  Build with Gemini (an LLM model)

## Upcoming Events
Join our Meetup group for more events!
https://www.meetup.com/data-umbrella

## Key Links
- Transcript: https://github.com/data-umbrella/event-transcripts/blob/main/2024/99-anna-gemini-llm.md
- Meetup Event: https://www.meetup.com/data-umbrella/events/300356355/
- Video: 
- GitHub repo:
- Transcriber:  ? [needs a transcriber]

## Resources
None

## About the Event
Learn about the exciting world of Gemini API, Google's latest advancement in large language models (LLMs). We will explore how to leverage the power of Gemini within Google AI Studio and Vertex AI for various tasks, including text, code, and even image and video understanding capabilities.
```
## Timestamps
00:00 Data Umbrella introduction

> 04:05 Rebecca begins presentation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

# Anna Nerezova:  Build with Gemini (an LLM model)

## Upcoming Events
Join our Meetup group for more events!
https://www.meetup.com/data-umbrella

## Key Links
- Transcript: https://github.com/data-umbrella/event-transcripts/blob/main/2024/99-anna-gemini-llm.md
- Meetup Event: https://www.meetup.com/data-umbrella/events/300356355/
- Video: 
- GitHub repo:
- Transcriber:  ? [needs a transcriber]

## Resources
None

## About the Event

> In this webinar, we will go through how to work with Gemini AI and specifically fine tune the model using an example of text data related to the Google Cloud Certification.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Learn about the exciting world of Gemini API, Google's latest advancement in large language models (LLMs). We will explore how to leverage the power of Gemini within Google AI Studio and Vertex AI for various tasks, including text, code, and even image and video understanding capabilities.
```
